Skip to main content
Request Info
Apply Now
Visit SNHU


Menu
|
|
|
Your Breakthrough Moment Is Here
Find Your Program
Select Degree Level
          Select a Degree Level
          Associate
          Bachelors
          Certificates
          Doctoral
          Masters
          Select Category
          All Categories
          Accelerated Programs
          Accounting and Finance
          Aeronautics and Aviation
          Art and Design
          Business
          Communications
          Creative Writing English
          Criminal Justice
          Data Analytics
          Economics
          Education
          Engineering
          Environmental
          Game Design Development
          Healthcare
          History
          Hospitality and Culinary Arts
          Human Resources
          Liberal Arts
          Marketing
          Math and Science
          MBA
          Nursing
          Operations and Project Management
          Psychology and Counseling
          Public Admin and Political Science
          Social Sciences
          Sport Management and Athletic Admin
          Technology
          Find Program
Keeping Cost Low, 10 Years in a Row
Our rates - some of the lowest in nation - have been frozen since 2012.
Learn More About Tuition
Transfer Up to 90 Credits
Finish your bachelor's degree faster and for less money.
Learn How to Transfer
200 Career-Focused Programs
With no set class times so you can learn online, on your schedule.
Explore Degrees
Student Experience
Online Experience
Curious about what it’s like to be an online student? Learn more about SNHU’s supportive online community of faculty, advisors and academic resources.
Undergraduate Term
01/03/22
Graduate Term
01/03/22
  Online Experience
Campus Experience
We've made the traditional college education radically more affordable. Learn why we decided to lower campus tuition to just $15K and $10K for select programs.
Undergraduate Term
01/03/22
Graduate Term
01/03/22
  Campus Experience
Individual Online Courses
Choose from 200+ transfer-friendly classes and learn how to earn college credits in just 8 weeks that could be applied toward an SNHU program or another university.
Undergraduate Term
01/03/22
Graduate Term
01/03/22
Individual Online Courses
Popular Online Bachelor's Programs
Business Administration
English Language and Literature
Computer Science
Healthcare Administration
Newsroom
Getting an Accounting Degree: What You Can Do with It
How do you become an accountant? And what exactly does an accountant do? That's changed a lot over the years. The bean counters of the past now use cutting-edge technology and data to tell stories with numbers.
By Betty Egan
Veteran Caregiver Awarded Scholarship to Begin MBA
Connie Crawford had been thinking about going back to school for many years, but the timing was never right. When a scholarship opportunity arrived, and Crawford was selected as a $5,000 scholarship recipient by SNHU, everything began to fall into place.
By Alexa Gustavsen
What Nobody Told You About Being a STEM Major
If you're majoring in a STEM field, that means your degree program falls under the umbrella of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics. While you can’t major in STEM itself, programs in this category include ones that emphasize research, innovation, or the development of new technologies
By Krysten Godfrey Maddocks
How a Finance Degree Can Help You Enter the World of Cryptocurrency
While initially thought to be a passing fad, cryptocurrency has stuck around and even evolved into a major player in the world of finance and investing. A finance degree can help you leverage your expertise into a lucrative career in this exciting and evolving field.
By Marie Morganelli
More Articles
View All Accreditations
About Us
Southern New Hampshire University is a nonprofit, regionally accredited university with an 80-year history of providing high quality education to students online and on campus.
Our 300-acre campus in Manchester, NH is home to over 3,000 students. We also offer affordable, accessible degree programs to over 135,000 students online.
Visit our about us page to learn more including our mission, accreditations, leadership team, national recognitions and awards.
my.SNHU Login
Academic Catalogs
University Store
Admission Portal Login
Athletics
Latinoamerica
Employment
Copyright © 2021
Southern New Hampshire University
2500 North River Road
Manchester, NH 03106
Contact Us
Consumer Information
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Accessibility at SNHU